ENH integrate download/launcher links into `pydata-sphinx-theme` secondary sidebar (#1312)
sphinx-gallery/sphinx-gallery: doc/advanced.rst

    extensions = ['sphinx_gallery.load_style']

This will only cause the ``gallery.css`` file to be added to your build.

Using Sphinx-Gallery components
===============================

Sphinx-Gallery provides two built-in components (which are essentially `Sphinx templates
<https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/development/templating.html>`__):
``sg_download_links`` and ``sg_launcher_links``. They are primarily designed for use in
`secondary sidebars <https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user_guide/layout.html#secondary-sidebar-right>`__
of ``pydata-sphinx-theme``, but also work with any other configuration that uses
templates, e.g., `html_sidebars
<https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-html_sidebars>`__.

> - ``sg_download_links``: The download links of source code, Jupyter notebook, and the
>   zip of them for an example.
> - ``sg_launcher_links``: The launcher links for JupyterLite and Binder for an example.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
- ``sg_download_links``: Displays the download links of source code, Jupyter notebook, and the
  zip of them for an example.
- ``sg_launcher_links``: Displays the launcher links for JupyterLite and Binder for an example.
```

be removed from the page. In fact, they cannot be removed as otherwise the components
cannot grab the necessary information. To visually remove the original links in favor
of the components, one can use ``display: none`` in CSS to hide them. The relevant
classes are:

.. literalinclude:: _static/hide_links.css
   :language: css

Example
-------

Here we will show an example of how to use these components in the secondary sidebar of
``pydata-sphinx-theme``. Navigate around :ref:`examples-index` for an overview of how
things would look like.

Configure the components to be used in the secondary sidebar:

.. code-block:: python

    html_theme_options = {
        ...
        "secondary_sidebar_items": ["page-toc", "sg_download_links", "sg_launcher_links"],
    }

Add the CSS to hide the original download and launcher links (suppose that the CSS is
placed in ``_static/hide_links.css``):

.. code-block:: python

    html_static_path = ["_static"]

    def setup(app):
        # ...
        app.add_css_file("hide_links.css")

The above will include the CSS in all pages. If one wants to add the CSS only for

> certain pages, one can alternatively do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certain pages, one can alternatively do following (only
add to pages that start with 'auto_examples/'):
```
